= GrowlSSHNotifier for Ruby

This library provides the ability to send {growl notifications}[http://growl.info/] to local or remote computers using ssh.

This release provides the following features:

* Simple API.

* Smartly selects ssh method to minimize time.

* Allows the use of custom icons or images.


== Download

The latest version of GrowlSSHNotifier can be found at

* http://github.com/threadhead/growl-ssh-notifier/tree


== Requirements

* net-ssh (version >= 2.0), if sending notifications to remote hosts that do not have rsa/dsa authentication

== Installation

Download the sources directly and copy the growl-ssh-notifier directory into the lib directory (or directory of your choice) of your project. Add the following to your code:

  require 'lib/growl_ssh_notifier'

You can also clone the repository into your lib directory

  git clone git://github.com/threadhead/growl-ssh-notifier.git lib/growl-ssh-notifier

Then add the following to your code:

  require 'lib/growl_ssh_notifier'



=== Testing

You can execute the basic library test with a simple <tt>rake test</tt> from the growl-ssh-notifier directory.

There are optional tests that will send growl notifications to either the localhost computer or remote computers.

==== Localhost Notifications

Send test notifications to the localhost machine.

  rake test:local_notification

==== Remote Notifications

You must duplicate and edit the <tt>test/remote_notifications/remote_hosts_example.yml</tt> file to <tt>remote_hosts.yml</tt> and edit the YAML file for valid hosts. Then you can test sending notifications to remote hosts.

 rake test:remote_notification


== Simple Example

  require 'growl_ssh_notifier'

  rec = GrowlSSHNotifier::Receiver.new("localhost")
  rec.send_notification('Test Message', 'This is a test message sent to the LOCALHOST machine with GrowlSSHNotifier.')


== License

This package is licensed under the MIT license and/or the {Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/legalcode].

:include: MIT-LICENSE

